so the name of the event in jagran carnival, understand the given text and let's make a further version of how we'll intergrate it in the UI okkk, so there will be stall registrations for brands, influencers, opensource projecs or the like ok dude.

there are 2 subevents in it,

event 1 on day 1, that's the main event and thing okkk

Startup Stall Expo-2026
We are pleased to invite you to be a part of our 

Startup Stall Expo-2026. This is a great opportunity to present your ideas, products, and innovations to a wide audience.

Join us to connect, collaborate, and gain visibility among industry leaders, delegates, and participants Register now by filling out the Google Form and secure your stall. 

Last Date to submission is 15th April 2026. 
The cost for a one-day exhibition stall on 24 April 2026 is ₹2,500, which includes the following benefits.  

Startup Exhibitor Benefits: 

Brand Visibility & Networking for your Startup
Fully Equipped Stall Space
Dedicated SPOC Support
Opportunity to Showcase Your Startup Story
Direct Audience Engagement & Feedback
Felicitation & Recognition of Nominated Stall Exhibitor.
Complimentary Lunch for 2 Members

event 2 on day 2,

"JAGRANPRENEURS" Startup Idea Pitching Competition: -2026
"JAGRANPRENEURS" : Startup Idea Pitching Competition -2026
**'No Problem is too big...…..No idea is too small**

Greetings from Jagran Incubation & Entrepreneurship Cell (JIEC) !!

We are pleased to announce the "Jagranpreneur" -Startup Business Competition-2026"
Inviting New Startups for a  Business Idea Pitching competition.

JIEC wishes to foster an entrepreneurial culture, by providing the students, alumni, and faculty, opportunities to  transform their creative & innovative business ideas into reality.  
To provide a conducive working environment to the incubates, to nurture their innovative ideas & bring new 
innovations amidst Global opportunities.

Keeping in view the above aspects we are pleased to invite  Business Startup Plans from  Budding Student Entrepreneurs for Startups to be a part of the JIM-JIEC and will be accorded with the "JAGRANPRENEUR" Crown.

plus it will also have a secionn of this, 

Audience /Alumni Registration
Empowering Tomorrow’s Leaders : Join us as a delegate and be part of a dynamic platform to learn, connect, and lead. Register now to shape your future.
Inspiration in Action: Have a story/ Panel Discussion that can inspire others? Share your journey and motivate the next generation. Submit your success story now.

Voices That Inspire Change: Step into the spotlight as a panelist and share your expertise with a global audience. Register to lead meaningful conversations.
